NARRATOR:
Somewhere hidden
amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKS]
And I'm
Princess Holly.
[BARKS]
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure
starts at
the Great Elf Tree.
[HOLLY READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
There.
Fully wound up.
Let's set off
to the seaside.
But, Dad, we have to wait
for Princess Holly.
Well, where is she?
It's almost 9:00.
[HUMMING]
Where is she?
Relax, Mr. Elf.
We're on holiday.
But Princess Holly's late.
Fairies are always late.
[HUMMING]
Hi, Ben.
Oh. Hi, Holly.
I'm not too early,
am I?
No, Princess Holly.
You're just in time.
Ahem. Now we're
all here, let's go.
We might make the seaside
by lunchtime.
If he wants to get to
the seaside quickly,
I could try
magicking us there.
Um, I'd rather you didn't do
any magicking today, Holly.
Oh, sorry, Mr. Elf.
You see, Holly,
you're coming on
an Elf day trip.
Elves don't do magic.
ELVES:
And we're elves.
[CHUCKLES]
Hop in, everyone.
Seaside, here we come.
[MOTOR PUTTERS]
Here's the timetable.
1:00, eat lunch.
2, play in the sand,
3, tidy up,
4, leave seaside, arriving
home at 4:30 precisely.
Dad, it's a holiday.
Sorry, Ben, it's just that I'm
not used to having a day off.
You work too hard,
Mr. Elf.
Please try and relax
today.
Ah, I'll do my best,
Mrs. Elf.
[♪♪♪]
Here we are, seaside.
BEN:
Yippee. The sea.
HOLLY:
And sand.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
Ah, I love the seaside.
Come on. Let's have lunch.
Good idea,
I'm hungry.
Me too.
Here's our picnic basket.
Ooh, I love
picnic baskets.
You just tell them
what you want,
and they magic-up food.
Heh, heh. This is
an elf picnic.
There won't be
any magic.
Oh.
Mrs. Elf always makes
a really lovely picnic.
Thanks, Mr. Elf.
But, of course, you made
the picnic this time.
Didn't you make it?
BOTH:
Oh.
What's wrong?
We forgot to bring
the picnic.
We just brought
an empty basket.
But that's what
I was saying.
We fairies always take
an empty basket
on picnics.
Magic basket, please
Can I have, um
Spaghetti Bolognese?
[♪♪♪]
Oh. It's still empty.
That's because...
It isn't
a magic basket.
It's just
an empty basket.
Can't it even magic us
a packet of crisps?
No.
Oh.
Uh, Holly?
Remember what I said
about not needing
any magicking today?
Yes, Mr. Elf?
Well, this is an emergency,
so if you wouldn't mind
doing a bit of--
Magicking! You want me
to do magicking.
ELVES:
Yes, please.
Hm...
I do know a spell for...
magic jelly.
[BOTH GASP]
No, not magic jelly!
Right, too dangerous.
Hm, I could try
an ice cream spell.
That's easy.
And there's no chance
of that spell going wrong?
Silly Ben.
Spells nearly always
go a bit wrong.
That's what makes them fun.
Well, without magic, we're not
going to have anything to eat.
That's right. Please,
Holly, do your spell.
[JINGLING]
Abracadabra!
Ice cream
ELVES:
Hooray.
I'm afraid
it's only vanilla.
I don't know how to magic
other flavors yet.
That's fine.
Vanilla is my favorite.
[SLURPING]
Delicious.
Maybe magic
can be useful sometimes.
Thank you, Princess Holly.
Heh, heh. You're welcome.
Ah. What shall we do next?
Make sand castles.
I love making sand castles.
Hm. What's the spell
for sand castles?
Holly, you don't need a spell
to make sand castles.
You fill the bucket
with sand,
turn it over,
give it a tap,
and bingo--
A sand castle.
Cool. Can I have a go?
[♪♪♪]
Heh, heh. Bingo.
Ho-ho-ho. We'll make
an elf of you yet, Holly.
Can we build a castle
big enough for us to go inside?
Hee-hee-hee.
We'd need a huge bucket
to make a sand castle
that big.
Uh, like that one?
HOLLY:
That's a very huge bucket.
It must have been left
by big children.
There aren't any
big people here now.
Good thing. Big people
have big feet,
and you never know where
they're going to step.
Look, they've left
some spades.
Let's build a big sand castle
for Princess Holly.
It could be our thank you
for lunch.
Good idea, Mr. Elf.
Can I help?
No, no, no. Please just
relax and enjoy watching
elves doing
what elves do best.
What do elves do best?
Elves
are best at--
Making things.
ELVES:
And we're elves.
[GIGGLES]
♪ Heave-ho
Heave-ho ♪
ELVES:
♪ Dig ho, dig dig ho ♪
♪ Dig dig dig dig dig ♪
[CHUCKLES]
♪ Heave-ho
Heave-ho ♪
♪ Over you go
Over you go ♪
Princess Holly,
would you do the honors
by tapping the bucket?
[GIGGLING]
♪ Lift ho,
lift ho ♪
Bingo.
Can we go inside?
But there isn't a door.
I'll soon sort that out.
[WHISTLING]
Ah. There's your door.
[KIDS CHUCKLE]
Since this is
our very own castle,
I've decided I'm not
Princess Holly anymore.
I'm Queen Holly.
And I am King Ben.
[ALL CHUCKLE]
My, my.
It's almost home time.
Oh, Dad. Can't we stay in
the castle a little bit longer?
But the tide will be
coming in soon, and--
Please, Mr. Elf,
please, can we stay a bit?
Just a little bit, then.
We'll pack the car,
but you must come
when we call you.
Yes, Mom.
We promise.
Oh, look. The sea
is coming closer.
That's great. Soon the castle
will have a moat.
Oh. Holly almost left
her wand behind.
Talking of Holly,
let's fetch the children.
I don't want to go home.
I want to stay in our castle
forever and ever.
Oh, goodness.
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
Look how high
the sea is.
Ben. Holly.
Leave the castle now.
We can't leave.
The sea's too high.
Holly, you can fly
to the shore.
Okay.
No. It's too windy
to fly.
Uh, Holly, maybe it's time
to do a little magic.
Yes. I'll just
wave my wand, and...
Oh. Where's my wand?
Here's your wand, Holly.
I can throw it to you.
But what if it
falls in the sea?
Don't worry, Holly.
Mrs. Elf is very good
at throwing things.
And I'm great
at catching.
Hee, hee. Okay.
[♪♪♪]
Don't worry, wand.
Ben will catch you.
Ready, Ben?
Yes, Mom.
One, two, three--
Throw.
Unh.
[♪♪♪]
ALL:
Hooray.
Thanks, Ben.
Now for the magicking bit.
Sun, sea and sand
Put Ben and me
On dry land
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
BOTH:
Whee.
Hooray. Well done.
[RUMBLING]
[PUTTERING]
It's so nice
to have you back, wand.
[JINGLES]
I knew Ben
would catch you.
Thanks, Holly, and I knew
you could magic us to safety.
Yes. The rescue
was a perfect mix
of fairy magic
and elf skill.
Here's to elf skill.
[JINGLES]
And here's to
fairy magic.
[ALL CHUCKLING]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure
starts at
the Great Elf Tree.
[HOLLY READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
BOTH:
Happy birthday, Ben.
[ALL CHUCKLE]
Here's your card.
Cor, a space rocket.
And here's
your present.
Wow. A space mobile.
[♪♪♪]
We made it ourselves.
Ha, ha. Thanks, Mom.
Thanks, Dad.
And later,
all your friends
will be coming
to your birthday party.
Cool.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Who can that be?
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Hi, Ben.
Hi, Holly.
You're a bit early
for my party.
Uh, party?
Have you brought me
a birthday card?
Uh, birthday card?
Holly, you haven't forgotten
my birthday, have you?
Oh, uh,
happy birthday, Ben.
Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh.
Thanks, Holly.
Uh, I've just got to
pop back home for something.
Oh.
See you later.
[♪♪♪]
[PANTS]
Oh, dear. Oh, dear.
I've forgotten Ben's birthday.
[PANTING]
Milk, sugar, flour
and an egg.
Good.
Let's do some baking.
[JINGLES]
Hocus pocus--
Nanny Plum! Nanny Plum!
[WINDED]
I've forgotten
Ben's birthday.
Oh, don't worry,
my little one.
He'll have another birthday
next year.
No, no!
It's really important.
I have to do something
for this birthday.
Ben is my best friend.
Oh.
I've got to make a birthday card
really quickly,
but I don't know
where to start.
What you need is a little magic
to get you going.
Ahem.
Milk, flower, egg
and sugar
Paint, brushes
Card and glitter
Hee, hee.
Thanks, Nanny.
Now I've got a very nice spell
for making birthday cards.
It goes:
Hocus pocus plinkity plonk--
[RINGING]
KING:
Nanny Plum.
Oh.
I better go and see
what King Thistle wants.
Nanny Plum!
Yes, Your Majesty?
Hm. This chair
is a bit hard.
Can you do a magic spell
to make me more comfortable?
Oh, King Thistle.
You lazy thing.
You could do
a magic spell yourself.
But my wand is over there.
Oh. Okay.
Humpfy, lumpfy, dumfy
Make King Thistle
Nice and comfy
Ah, that's better.
And some music, please.
[SIGHS]
Tra la la, tra la lin
Music, please, sweet violin
[PLAYING MELLOW TUNE]
Ah, lovely.
Thank you.
You can go now, Nanny Plum.
Ooh. Now, where were we?
You'd just said,
"Hocus pocus, plinkity plonk."
Oh, yes.
Ahem.
Hocus pocus, plinkity--
KING:
Nanny Plum.
[RINGING]
Oh, bother.
What can he want now?
KING:
Nanny!
I want a cup of tea!
Yes, yes. Coming.
Ah, this card
will never get made.
I'll just have to do
the magic myself.
Now, what was
Nanny's spell?
Hm. Ah, yes.
Hocus pocus, plinkity plonk
Uh, how about...
Make me a birthday card
Super-duper quick
[♪♪♪]
Hee, hee. It worked.
Come on,
silly paintbrushes.
Hurry up.
I haven't got all day.
Right.
You naughty paintbrushes.
I'll do a stronger spell
to make you go faster.
[♪♪♪]
Zam pop zip pow
More, bigger
Faster, now
[♪♪♪]
Oh, oh.
It's going a bit wrong.
[GASPS]
Nanny!
There's your tea,
Your Majesty.
Will that be all?
Yes, thank you.
HOLLY:
Nanny. Help.
Help!
Goodness me.
Nanny, make the magic stop.
Thunder and lightning
North winds blow
Magic spells, away you go
[CLANG]
Thank you, Nanny.
You stopped it.
Yes, but I've to stop
all the fairy magic
in the castle.
Ooh.
[VIOLIN PLAYS MELLOW TUNE]
[MUSIC ABRUPTLY STOPS]
Oof. What happened
to the magic?
Ahem.
There was a little problem
in the kitchen,
and I've had to stop all
the fairy magic in the castle
for one day,
Your Majesties. Sorry.
Oh.
And the weather
in the Little Kingdom today
will be bright and sunny
everywhere.
Hang on. If you've stopped
all the magic in the castle,
why is the TV
still working?
Uh, the TV's
not magic.
Isn't it? Really?
ALL:
Oh.
If there's no magic today,
how can I make Ben
a birthday card?
Well, you could
make the card by hand.
Really? Could I?
And I can help you.
Uh, Nanny Plum,
I think you'll be busy
cleaning up the kitchen.
That will take but a moment
with my fairy magic wand.
But there isn't any magic.
You've stopped all the magic
for one day.
Oh, yes.
[♪♪♪]
Hee, hee.
This will be fun.
Hm.
This will be fun too.
I think I'll start with
a picture of Ben.
Heh-heh-heh. It's easy
doing things without magic.
Yes, really easy.
HOLLY:
Now, lots of kisses
for Ben...
and some sparkly glitter.
There. Lovely.
Yes, it's amazing
what can be done
without using magic.
Yes, Nanny Plum, it is.
Heh-heh-heh.
Heh, now quick,
or you'll be late
for Ben's birthday party.
[GIGGLING]
Ben's going to love
his birthday card.
[♪♪♪]
[KIDS LAUGHING]
[DOORBELL RINGING]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Hi, Holly.
Happy birthday, Ben.
Come in.
[GIGGLES]
I've made you a card.
Thanks, Holly.
Ben's had lots of
lovely cards today.
I made my card
with magic.
[♪♪♪]
Wow.
I made my card
with a computer.
Oh.
I bought mine from a shop.
That's nice.
Holly, can I have your card
now, please?
Uh, it isn't very good.
I didn't use magic
or a computer
or buy it from a shop.
Uh, I made it myself.
You mean, you didn't
just use magic?
Wow. It's fantastic.
[♪♪♪]
ALL: Ooh.
[GIGGLES]
ALL:
Happy birthday, Ben.
[ALL LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]
Uh, actually, Ben,
I did forget your birthday.
Yes, I know. You always
forget my birthday.
Do I?
Yes, but it doesn't matter.
You're still
my best friend.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]